Hey, I'm grump. I'm not so grump
and we're the game grumps
(Arin)Hello!
(Dan)Arin what is this?
(Arin) Hold on
(Dan) And what am I holding?
(Arin) Before we...
(Arin) Well, let's not get into that
*Dan laughs*
(Dan) I'm holding a weird little microphone-ey thing
(Arin) Well, we'll talk about that, before, er, we thank our people who sent us this, like a thousand people
(Dan) Oh.
(Arin) We got Ken Bacens (mispronounces name). Goddammit. Why isn't it ever like "Joe John"
*Dan giggles*
Ken Bacens, thank you. Patrick Shanley. Super Brophy Bro. uh...
Keegan Setta, Setta Keegan said... (sigh)
Cassy munoof....
Dammit. Cassie Munafo
Nolan, Martin, and Anthony and some person that didn't put their name. Thank you!
(Dan) Thank you so much, we appreciate this. (Arin) for sending us "Hey you, Pikachu", I know a lot of people wanted us to play it.
(Arin): Ok, Dan what are you holding?
(Dan) Well, first of all let me just say that, he's not doing it now, now that we brought up the uh new game continue screen.
But before this, Pikachu was just wandering around going "pika"
(Dan) Yeah, endlessly (Arin) Put a little clip of that up.
*Piiiiikaa*
(Dan) Yeah, and Arin left me in the room to listen to it for like half an hour
(Arin) It was only eight minutes. (Dan) I'm at my wit's end right now. (Arin) Alright danny. What are you holding there? (Dan) I don't know
What is it? What is that? It looks like a lollipop or something. I mean
That'd be some way to fuck it, right
So it looks like that thing that's on the screen right yes, it's a it's a microphone
Dan okay in this game you play parker microphone for prices right? It's really thin
in this game
you play as
Yourself and you talk to Pikachu
Gotta be fucking kidding me isn't that cool. It's so cool. Okay. I'm just wanted to show the mic anyway a new game
New game file one I quit
No, no, I'm done like the game Data's already saved you'll start a new game your previous to save it
No, let's do new files here
Yeah, had dude
The best cut right to it my gosh. She's its morning time to get up
Yes, ma'am duds mom's voice is that but that's mom's question she's been dead for 30 years
Which is strange because I'm eight we god is a prophetic test today. Hey, that's right. Oh
Pika
Don't forget the Target over the products it
Okay, what the fuck happened to it. I wonder what kind of test it is. I hope we got well good luck
Fuck yeah, it's Gonna. Go hook an IQ test what I got a six the viridian forest edge. It looks different. That's mom's voice
Thanks for that, dad. Thanks for coming
This is a Devotee of forest Edge whipple while talk about come to play right now
I'd like to test you to see if you can learn to use the polka helper
This test is simple just speak to that pikachu so it listens to you now
Then face break a jaw and speak to it while hold the z button. Hope it goes well for you
All right, I'm a hopeless me button now. Oh
hello, Pika chick damn
What she was intrigued?
Just saying mia what what do you say about my mama, nah?
She doesn't like it. Yeah
Pikachu heard you the polka help will read your feelings it conveys them to Pokemon
we feeling big - Pikachu once more and
go sometimes that feels on the inside just
like that shit that
I'm intrigued he's puzzled. He doesn't know what loneliness is doesn't understand unweight
Take a joke ought. I heard something keep talking to it till it notices you
Come on
One time I fucked a dude behind a Walmart
No
Kind of I like that
He's like
Looks like Pikachu hasn't figured out where your voice is coming from it's coming from my mouth come over behind the Walmart yeah, well
They're all the good things happen. I'll keep talking until it comes up to you you
See you shit get your ass over here for our piledrive you
know hello
Yeah
You noticed you the love of God thump. I?
Know he loves me
Why hello my name is Pikachu?
you passed your pastor test amazing even a while pokey bag can tell that you're
Good-hearted and put this thing in a fucking sandwich I knew that you could pass my test
I'll let you use that polka helper from now on but don't fuck it up
Listen up Little shit
fuck jim hey hey, oh hey ho ho hey ha ha
He gets it now
You're speaking his language
damn buffet - perfect
He likes it cool
What?
Well anyway
There's no awkward silence even though you connected with Pikachu. It's take it off
Maybe you should go home for the day - yeah, we've had a long day. Oh
You must be exhausted
He's gonna like shit, and then leave dick back to the bed Gonna kick it up, and it's gonna hit you
Home at last welcome home. You sure look happy did the test go well? Oh fuck it?
It's that sir you got to talk to a bigger. Dope are you gonna?
Go out again tomorrow, then you should go to bed early today. Good night
How long are these days stay with it?
It's that wow you are a long human being yeah
That bed is made for a gargantuan people you did talk to big she was great
Yeah, I can't wait to fuck it. I will tomorrow
Pikachu! Is Pikachu gonna sneak in your window in the middle of the night and start whispering
She's like hey hey, hey, you look great
You're crazy
Can I come in?
It's nice again
today
Don't ding-a-ling me yeah, hey there's a massage. It must be prof. Oak. Okay, who am I provoking?
Look its a nintendo64, why hello there!
Good morning
Were you too excited to sleep last night? Your wet sheets were an indication of such. Well too goddamn bad.
Haha, thought so. Well the biggest joke from yesterday is in viridian Forest
I'll show you the way again, but you got to put this blindfold on and get into my rickety van
I hope you can become even better friends with Pikachu
It says candy with a k on the side we invented Skype in
1994 I was going to say like it's actually oh my God. Hey, you pikachu
I was gonna say this technology is actually pretty impressive that it works so well for
a game that was made in 2000, but uh
Doesn't work so well
Oh yes the pikachu from yesterday is sleeping call it to wake it say Pikachu as you hold the z button? Oh?
Pika Pikachu fucking oh
Speak while pressing the z button, okay press it a call to home. Oh
God you
Because you woke up wow oh God, so do you like leave like a dog?
Hello
Lo sir where you going? Don't even fucking talk to me my coffee
He's very tired
look signs appeared on the left and right sides of the screen that means a pikachu wants to talk to you and look like he
Now greet Pikachu! it's got that like
This better not be fucking
advertisement right now
Didn't like that here. Let me say something to him hey. Oh say a nice friendly greeting. Hi, Pikachu. Who's my friend
You didn't like it. He did like it look at his happy face Pikachu. I love you. I love you be mine, Pikachu
Not into it ungrateful little shit alright say a nice friendly greeting. over to you, Erin.
Fuck you, you dumb fucking Pikachu! Fuck you and yes, you're fucking yellow prick
You like that? YAY!
He's into it. Yeah, and I was a nice friendly greeting. Oh my God this game is so weird. It's gonna play with a ball now
Then he just starts dry humping it. pika
Is you want to play Ball?
What on Earth did Pikachu pick up say I mean we got to bring it back to the lab, what could it be??
fucking come on perfect
You're a professor
See that uhh beside that thing that it's holding when you press the b button
The Poke Helper will describe the item that is you is pointing to I hope it just says open your fucking eyes. Yeah
Some of my advisors also listed, so it should it should be pretty helpful
Now press the b button to read the description, okay, you got it
Yeah, beach ball a colorful bouncy ball. It's fun to throw it around try play catch with it
Yeah, who was quoted as saying that copernicus?
fucking, abbe
Aristotle you can't reach it for me. You can't snatch it from a defenseless creature from here
Guess it's a beach ball. You guess? yeah, you're a professor. I'm pretty sure we can sign this theory into law professor
He's like, "I am a professor of fun." .
I think throw it was written in red letters of the description. Oh my God like are we two?
The Poke Helper uses red to show the words that pikachu understands now try saying throw it
over
throw up
Please do it
(gurgling sounds)
So pikachu thought it was told to drop it
No, he kind of threw it. I mean that was fucking insubordination hold on you should reprimand him
Pikachu
I'm getting your kit. Go to the office. You know what you did
He liked that. Yeah? He was responding well to it. He's into the abuse bigotry was looking up in something
I wonder if it sees something that try calling to pikachu. It's about to be, it's about to be the fucking bottom of my shoe
He's looking up at as I fucking stomp his ass
He liked that Pikachu is more interested in this guy than your voice try calling it again say something really interesting. This is God
I'm from the sky
I'll give you my sky cummies in the form of rain
Pikachu heard you call there you go. He's like, sky cummies?
Now i'm interested. Crawl through the thorns for me. The signs appeared on the left and right side to the screen
It looks like pikachu wants to talk to you now then try a skid. What's up there? All right here. We go
next time on game grumps
Well, he's like let it be over please. Why did he have hands yeah? I when did that happen
Though is that what it was you know what it meant, right? Fuck you, professor!
You don't even know what a beach ball was fucking acting like you know pikachu
You don't know me!
Bitch. Next time on Game Grumps we play more Hey you pikachu. Oh my God this game is weird. I like it though
I like it. I like you. (gasp)
Pikachu this is thorns just like the crown that Jesus wore. Beach ball! :)